# Conditions générales de l'accord de service

THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made between EMURGO Co., Ltd. ("Company") and any person or entity ("User") who completes the process to download, utilize, or operate the software known as the Yoroi cryptocurrency Wallet application, and data processing service, application, communication service or other content or offered or provided with the software by the Company ("Software"). The Company and User are collectively referred to as the "Parties." BY CLICKING THE ACCEPTANCE BUTTON OR ACCESSING, USING OR INSTALLING ANY PART OF THE SOFTWARE, USER EXPRESSLY AGREES TO AND CONSENTS TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF USER DOES NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE USER SHALL NOT BE AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS, USE OR INSTALL ANY PART OF THE SOFTWARE.

## 1. Droits et Obligations

**a. Description.** The Software functions as a free, open source, digital cryptocurrency wallet. The Software does not constitute an account by which the Company or any other third parties serve as financial intermediaries or custodians of User's ADA or any other cryptocurrency. While the Software has undergone beta testing and continues to be improved by feedback from the developers community, open-source contributors and beta-testers, the Company cannot guarantee that there will be no bugs in the Software. User acknowledges that User's use of the Software is at User's risk, discretion and in compliance with all applicable laws. User is responsible for safekeeping User's passwords, PINs, private keys, redemption keys, shielded vending keys, backup recovery mnemonic passphrases, ADA passcodes and any other codes User uses to access the Software or any information, ADA, voucher, or other cryptocurrency unit. IF USER LOSES ACCESS TO USER'S CRYPTOCURRENCY WALLET OR PRIVATE KEYS AND HAS NOT SEPARATELY STORED A BACKUP OF USER'S CRYPTOCURRENCY WALLET OR BACKUP RECOVERY MNEMONIC PHRASE(S) AND CORRESPONDING PASSWORD(S), USER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY ADA OR ANY OTHER CRYPTOCURRENCIES USER HAS ASSOCIATED WITH THAT CRYPTOCURRENCY WALLET WILL BECOME INACCESSIBLE. All transaction requests are irreversible. The Company and its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, affiliates and agents cannot guarantee transaction confirmation or retrieve User's private keys or passwords if User loses or forgets them.

**b. **Accessibilité.** L'Utilisateur accepte que, de temps à autre, le Logiciel peut être inaccessible ou inutilisable pour toutes raisons, y compris, sans limitation: (i) les défaillances d'équipement; (ii) les procédures de maintenance que la Société doit ou peut effectuer de temps en temps; et (iii) tout événement qui survient indépendamment de la Société ou qui n'est pas raisonnablement prévisible pour la Société.</p> 

**c. **Équipement.** L'Utilisateur est seul responsable de fournir, de maintenir et d'en assurer la compatibilité avec le Logiciel, le matériel informatique, les logiciels et les autres exigences électroniques ou physiques nécessaires pour utiliser le Logiciel, y compris, et sans limitation, les télécommunications, l'accès à internet ainsi que toute autre équipement, programmes et services nécessaires pour accéder et utiliser le Logiciel.</p> 

**d. Security.** User shall be solely responsible for the security, confidentiality and integrity of all information and content that User receives, transmits through or stores on the Software. User shall be solely responsible for any authorized or unauthorized access to any account of User by any person. User agrees to bear all responsibility for the confidentiality of User's security devices, information, keys, and passwords.

**e. Privacy.** When reasonably practicable, the Company will attempt to respect User's privacy. **Confidentialité.** La Société s'efforcera de respecter la confidentialité de l'Utilisateur dans la mesure du possible et où cela est raisonnablement faisable. La Société ne surveillera, ne modifiera et ne révèlera aucune information personnelle de l'Utilisateur ou de son compte d'Utilisateur, y compris son contenu et l'utilisation par l'Utilisateur du Logiciel, à moins que l'Utilisateur y ait consenti préalablement, avec exception dans les cas où la Société pense de bonne foi que ceci est nécessaire pour (i) se conformer à la loi ou à d'autres exigences légales de toute autorité gouvernementale; (ii) protéger et défendre les droits ou la propriété de la Société; (iii) appliquer ou faire respecter ce contrat; (iv) protéger les intérêts d'Utilisateurs du Logiciel autre que l'Utilisateur ou toute autre personne; (v) exploiter ou effectuer, en conformité avec la loi et les autorisations légales, des travaux de maintenance et la réparation de l'équipement de la Société, y compris le Logiciel. L'Utilisateur n'a aucune attente de confidentialité par rapport à Internet en général. L'adresse IP de l'Utilisateur est transmise et enregistrée avec chaque message ou autre information que l'Utilisateur envoie depuis le Logiciel. User has no expectation of privacy with respect to the Internet generally. User's IP address is transmitted and recorded with each message or other information User sends from the Software.

## 2. Taxes et frais

Tous les frais de conversion de monnaie, frais de tiers, frais de vente, d'utilisation, de valeur ajoutée, de propriété personnelle et toutes autres taxes, obligations et prélèvements de toute sorte, y compris les intérêts et les pénalités y afférents, imposés maintenant ou par la suite par toute entité gouvernementale, et tous frais encourus par l'Utilisateur de par son accès, son utilisation ou par l'installation du Logiciel relèvent de la seule responsabilité de l'Utilisateur.

## 3. Déclarations de l'Utilisateur

L'Utilisateur confirme et garantit à la Société que: (a) si l'Utilisateur est une personne physique, qu'il est âgé de 18 (dix-huit) ans révolus; (b) l'Utilisateur a la capacité et la permission d'être partie à ce contrat et d'accomplir les obligations prévues dans ce contrat; (c) toute information fournie à la Société par l'Utilisateur est conforme à la vérité, exacte et complète; (d) l'Utilisateur se conformera à toute loi et réglementation de toute juridiction applicable concernant l'accès, l'utilisation et l'installation du Logiciel par l'Utilisateur; (e) l'Utilisateur se conformera aux conditions de ce contrat, y compris, mais sans se limiter aux dispositions prévus par l'article 4; et (f) l'Utilisateur a fourni et fournira les informations exactes et complètes requises pour l'accès, l'utilisation ou l'installation du Logiciel.

## 4. Utilisation non autorisée

L'Utilisateur est seul responsable de toute action ou actes d'omissions qui sont fait sous son compte d'utilisation, ses informations de sécurité, ses clés ou mots de passe, et accepte de ne pas utiliser le Logiciel pour, y compris, et sans limitation: (a) diffuser, sauvegarder ou transmettre des messages non-sollicités, des chaînes de lettres ou d'emails commerciaux non-sollicités; (b) diffuser ou transférer du contenu qui, pour une personne raisonnable, pourrait être abusif, obscène, pornographique, diffamatoire, harcelant, gravement injurieux, vulgaire, menaçant ou malveillant; (c) diffuser, sauvegarder ou transférer des fichiers, images, Logiciels ou autres matériels qui violent ou qui pourraient violer le droit d'auteur, une marque, un brevet, le secret des affaires/industriel ou un autre droit de la propriété intellectuelle de toute autre personne; (d) créer une fausse identité ou tenter de tromper toute autre personne sur l'identité ou l'origine de toute communication; (e) exporter, réexporter ou permettre le téléchargement de tout message ou contenu en violation de toute loi, règlementation ou restriction d'exportation et d'importation de toute juridiction applicable, ou sans les autorisations, licences et dérogations requises; (f) interférer, troubler ou tenter d'avoir un accès non-autorisé sur d'autres comptes d'utilisation du Logiciel ou de tout autre réseau informatique; ou (g) diffuser, sauvegarder ou transmettre des virus, Chevaux de Troie ou tout autre code ou programme malveillant.

## 5. Résiliation

This Agreement is effective upon User's acceptance as set forth herein and shall continue in full force so long as User engages in any access, use or installation of the Software. The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without notice, at any time and for any reason, to: (a) remove or disable access to all or any portion of the Software; (b) suspend User's access to or use of all or any portion of the Software; and (c) terminate this Agreement.

## 6. Exclusion de garanties

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT USER'S SOLE RISK. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, NOR DOES THE COMPANY MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO ANY RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED BY USE OF THE SOFTWARE. THE COMPANY MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, WARRANTY OF SUITABILITY FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTY OF TITLE OR INTEREST, OR WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT.

## 7. Limitation de responsabilité

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY OR ITS SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES OR AGENTS, OR ANY OF ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SERVICE PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE TO USER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY USE, INTERRUPTION, DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, LOST REVENUES OR PROFITS, DELAYS, INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF SERVICES, BUSINESS OR GOODWILL, LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, LOSS RESULTING FROM SYSTEM OR SYSTEM SERVICE FAILURE, MALFUNCTION OR SHUTDOWN, FAILURE TO ACCURATELY TRANSFER, READ OR TRANSMIT INFORMATION, FAILURE TO UPDATE OR PROVIDE CORRECT INFORMATION, SYSTEM INCOMPATIBILITY OR PROVISION OF INCORRECT COMPATIBILITY INFORMATION OR BREACHES IN SYSTEM SECURITY, OR FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT WE WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY OR ITS SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES OR AGENTS, OR ANY OF ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SERVICE PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO USER'S ACCESS, USE OR INSTALLATION OF THE SOFTWARE. SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THUS THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO USER. IF USER IS DISSATISFIED WITH THE SOFTWARE, USER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE FOR USER TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SOFTWARE.

## 8. Indemnification

User agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Company, its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, affiliates and agents ("Indemnified Parties") from and against any action, cause, claim, damage, debt, demand or liability, including reasonable costs and attorney's fees, asserted by any person, arising out of or relating to: (a) this Agreement; (b) User's access, use or installation of the Software, including any data or work transmitted or received by User; and (c) any unacceptable use of the Software by any person, including, without limitation, any statement, data or content made, transmitted or republished by User or any person which is prohibited as unacceptable under Section 4. THIS INDEMNIFICATION INCLUDES THE EXPRESS INDEMNIFICATION OF THE COMPANY AND ALL INDEMNIFIED PARTIES FOR ANY ALLEGED NEGLIGENCE (INCLUDING ANY ALLEGED GROSS NEGLIGENCE). OR OTHER ALLEGED MISCONDUCT OF THE COMPANY OR ANY INDEMNIFIED PARTIES.

## 9. Intellectual Property

The Company retains all right, title, and interest in and to all of the Company's brands, logos, and trademarks, including, but not limited to, EMURGO Co., Ltd., EMURGO, Yoroi, Yoroi Cryptocurrency Wallet, Yoroi Wallet, Yoroi App, and variations of the wording of the aforementioned brands, logos, and trademarks.

## 10. Warnings

User acknowledges that the Company shall not be responsible for transferring, safeguarding, or maintaining private keys and/or User's ADA or any other cryptocurrency. If User and/or any co-signing authorities lose, mishandle, or have stolen associated private keys, or if User's cosigners refuse to provide requisite authority, User acknowledges that User may not be able to recover User's ADA or any other cryptocurrency, and that the Company shall not be responsible for such loss.

User acknowledges and agrees that ADA or any other cryptocurrency transactions facilitated by the Software and/or the Company may be delayed, and that the Company shall not be responsible for any associated loss. User acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall not be responsible for any aspect of the information, content, or services contained in any third-party materials or on any third party sites accessible or linked to the Software and/or the Company.

User agrees that User should never share User's certificate with any natural or legal person, including the Company, Cardano Foundation, Input Output HK Limited, or any other entity. Further, User acknowledges that sharing User's certificate may result in loss of User's ADA or any other cryptocurrency, and User agrees that the Company shall not be responsible for such loss. User acknowledges and agrees that by redeeming ADA in the testnet, User redeems test-ADA only, and that in order to redeem actual ADA, User must repeat the procedure in the mainnet, once released.

By using the Software, User acknowledges and agrees: (i) that the Company is not responsible for the operation of the underlying protocols and that the Company makes no guarantee of their functionality, security, or availability; and (ii) that the underlying protocols are subject to sudden main-chain changes in operating rules ("forks"), and that such forks may materially affect the value, and/or function of the ADA or any other cryptocurrency that User stores on the Software. In the event of a fork, User agrees that the Company may temporarily suspend the Software operations (with or without notice to User) and that the Company may, in its sole discretion, (a) configure or reconfigure its systems or (b) decide not to support (or cease supporting) the forked protocol entirely, provided, however, that User will have an opportunity to withdraw funds from the Software. User acknowledges and agrees that the Company assumes absolutely no responsibility whatsoever in respect of an unsupported branch of a forked protocol.

## 11. Miscellaneous

**a. Amendment.** The Company shall have the right, at any time and without notice, to add to or modify the terms of this Agreement, simply by delivering such amended terms to User by electronic message through any medium to any address provided to the Company by User. User's access to or use of the Software after the date such amended terms are delivered to User shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of such amended terms.

**b. Severance.** If any provision or part-provision of this Agreement is, or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such modification is not possible, the relevant provision or part-provision shall be deemed deleted. Any modification to or deletion of a provision or part-provision under this Article shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of this Agreement.

**c. Entire Agreement – Disclaimer of Reliance**. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements or understandings between the Parties. User expressly represents and warrants that it is not relying upon any statements, understandings, representations, expectations or agreements other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement.

**d. THIS AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION.** User agrees that any and all disputes or claims against any person arising out of or in any way related to this Agreement or the access, use or installation of the Software by User or any other person shall be subject to binding arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules. The location of the arbitration shall be Japan. The language of the arbitration shall be English.

**e. LANGUAGE.** Any translation of this Agreement is made for purposes of local reference only and in the event of any inconsistency between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of this Agreement shall prevail and govern in all respects.